.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SOPHOMORIX 8 "September 30, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7) 
.SH NAME
sophomorix \- User administration of a school-server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sophomorix-check
.RI [ options ] ...
.br
.B sophomorix-add
.RI [ options ] ...
.br
.B sophomorix-move
.RI [ options ] ...
.br
.B sophomorix-kill
.RI [ options ] ...
.br
.B sophomorix-search
.RI [ options ] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B sophomorix-*
commands.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBsophomorix-check\fP checks which users can be added, can be moved to another group or can be removed permanently from the system. 
.TP
\fBsophomorix-add\fP adds users to the system. 
.TP
\fBsophomorix-move\fP moves users to another group 
.TP
\fBsophomorix-kill\fP removes users from the system (no way back) 
.TP
\fBsophomorix-search\fP searches the database of users
.SH DOCUMENTATION
On a Debian System:
.TP
To read the html Documetation for your installed Version, install the Debian-Package sophomorix-doc-html.
.TP
To read the current documentation, point your browswer to:

packages.bszleo.de --> CVS-server --> cvs --> sophomorix2 --> sophomorix-doc
.TP
and download all files as a *.tar.gz (Link: Download tarball)
.SH CHANGELOG OF SOPHOMORIX
.TP
To see the changelog of an installed package type

zless /usr/share/doc/sophomorix2/changelog-sophomorix-src.gz
.TP
For upcoming Bugfixes point yout browser to the same file in CVS: 

packages.bszleo.de --> CVS-server --> cvs --> sophomorix2 --> changelog-sophomorix-src
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
.TP
To see the full help for a 
.B sophomorix-* command
, use one of the following options: 
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-info
Show information about what can or will be done.
.\".SH SEE ALSO
.\".BR bar (1),
.\".BR baz (1).
.\".br
.\"You can see the full options of the Programs by calling for example 
.\".IR "sophomrix-check -h" ,
.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by <jeffbeck@web.de>.
